Some common mistakes/errors people encounter.

Q: I do not see any releases unless I click on ALL.
A: Go to http://localhost/profileedit untick the 4 checkmarks, click save profile.

Q: I'm not getting any covers or x type of release are not being post processed.
A: Make sure your keys are good, all the keys that come with nZEDb are tested and work. It is still preferable to use your own keys. We do not supply a trakt key.

Q: How do I test the amazon keys?
A: There is a script in the misc/testing/Dev_testing folder. Read the whole output if you get an error (most people are only reading the bottom part).

Q: I'm having x issue after converting from newznab +.
A: We will not support newznab + conversions, the script is there if you want to use it, use at your own will.

Q: I'm getting lots of spam, or small files.
A: Use blacklists. removeCrapReleases script, size settings for groups etc..

Q: The scripts and my site is slow.
A: You will need to tune MYSQL, there are many guides for this online, look at tools like mysqltuner.
   If your hardware is not powerful enough it will be slow regardless.

Q: Sabnzbd says I have problems with extra lines in the NZB.
A: There is a script in misc/testing/Dev_testing to fix those NZB files.

Q: I'm getting many releases with unusable names.
A: There is a script in misc/testing/Release_scripts called fixReleaseNames.php

Q: How do I run x script?
A: type php name-of-the-script.php , most of the scripts tell you how to use them if you run them like that.

Q: My parts/binaries/collections tabls are very large.
A: Article collections with poorly named subjects or incomplete collections are created 2 hours after the last time we have downloaded an article for that collection,
   if you keep backfilling, your parts/binaries/collections tables will get large obviously...

Please do not open issues on github if the question is already asked. Take a few minutes to look at the titles of other issues.
Do not expect us to implement requested features in a short amount of time.
Some requested features we will not implement, you are free to clone the git.
More to come...
